refactor(experimental): add the rest of the content in `addresses/src/address.ts` to the README (#1765)
solana-labs/solana-web3.js: packages/addresses/README.md

}
```

### `getAddressDecoder()`

Returns a decoder that you can use to convert an array of 32 bytes representing an address to the base58-encoded representation of that address. Returns a tuple of the `Base58EncodedAddress` and the offset within the byte array at which the decoder stopped reading.

```ts
import { getAddressDecoder } from '@solana/addresses';

const addressBytes = new Uint8Array([
    150, 183, 190, 48, 171, 8, 39, 156, 122, 213, 172, 108, 193, 95, 26, 158, 149, 243, 115, 254, 20, 200, 36, 30, 248,
    179, 178, 232, 220, 89, 53, 127,
]);
const addressDecoder = getAddressDecoder();
const [address, offset] = addressDecoder.decode(address); // [B9Lf9z5BfNPT4d5KMeaBFx8x1G4CULZYR1jA2kmxRDka, 32]
```

### `getAddressEncoder()`

> Returns a codec that you can use to encode a base58-encoded address to a byte array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an encoder that you can use to encode a base58-encoded address to a byte array.
```

Nit but we do have a separate `getAddressCodec` so I think calling the encoder a codec is a bit confusing
